📌Covariant Return Type:
The covariant return type specifies that the return type may vary in the same direction as the subclass.
Before Java5, it was not possible to override any method by changing the return type. But now, since Java5, 
it is possible to override method by changing the return type if subclass overrides any method whose return type is Non-Primitive but it changes its return type to subclass type. 
Advantages of Covariant Return Type
Following are the advantages of the covariant return type.

1) Covariant return type assists to stay away from the confusing type casts in the class hierarchy and makes the code more usable, readable, and maintainable.

2) In the method overriding, the covariant return type provides the liberty to have more to the point return types.

3) Covariant return type helps in preventing the run-time ClassCastExceptions on returns.

Let's take an example to understand the advantages of the covariant return type.

📌 EXPLAINATION:
In the above program, class A3 inherits class A2, and class A2 inherits class A1. 
Thus, A1 is the parent of classes A2 and A3. Hence, any object of classes A2 and A3 is also of type A1. 
As the return type of the method foo() is the same in every class, we do not know the exact type of object the method is actually returning. 
We can only deduce that returned object will be of type A1, which is the most generic class. We can not say for sure that returned object will be of A2 or A3. 
It is where we need to do the typecasting to find out the specific type of object returned from the method foo(). 
It not only makes the code verbose; it also requires precision from the programmer to ensure that typecasting is done properly; otherwise, there are fair chances of getting the ClassCastException. 
To exacerbate it, think of a situation where the hierarchical structure goes down to 10 - 15 classes or even more, and in each class, the method foo() has the same return type. 
That is enough to give a nightmare to the reader and writer of the code.
